[Music]
how's it going everyone and welcome back
to another tea talk today we are joined
by day trading realtor who is going to
talk about his entry model that does not
require daily bias he is going to talk
about how he Blends am's daily profiles
with my fractal model and the unicorn
model to gain entry into the market I
hope you guys find it insightful and
enjoy it thank you T and I am honored to
be on this episode of T talks I am the
day trading realtor yes I am a real
estate agent and yes I am also a day
trader that is one of the beauties of
being a realtor is that I have the
flexibility in my schedule to also day
trade I'm here to talk about my model
which I call the c2u or the C2 unicorn
and it's a blend of the trades fractal
model and the unicorn model and it's a
point of interest based model first and
foremost before we get into the
nitty-gritty of my model I have to pay
tribute to some individuals that have
played a large role in becoming a day
trader myself first and foremost
obviously ICT but even more than ICT te
trades without him I would not be this
far along in my journey as well as Ash
trades over at the Unicorn University
he's the one that I learned all the ins
and outs of the unicorn model and am
trades where I have learned about the
expansion model and specifically how he
uses the 7-h hour candle for the daily
profiles without those individuals
collectively I would not have been able
to create the model that I have today
now out of respect for T and am and Ash
there are parts of my model that I'm not
going to speak about today those are
paid private mentorships and it would
not be right for me to give some of the
secrets away that they use if you truly
want to learn the ins and outs of my
model I highly recommend that you join
either the market lens or the Unicorn
University this way you can see all the
ins and outs of what I have learned to
fully build this model so let's go ahead
and get into the model what do I mean by
points of interest based model well what
that basically means is that I don't
specifically rely on a daily bias in
order to enter a trade now you can pair
it with a daily bias if you'd like I
personally don't and the reason why is I
always had an issue with daily bias
because there are so many different ways
to create a daily bias you have internal
to external you have uh T's way of of
coming up with daily bias and I never
was able to buy into one specific way of
doing a daily bias so I do have the
great pleasure of knowing T personally
and uh have worked with him for almost a
year now on learning his model and how
he trades and one day we were talking
and he said to me well if you don't want
to to trade with a daily bias then don't
trade with a daily bias nothing says
that you have to trade with a daily bias
find a model that works for you that
doesn't use a daily bias so that's what
I did I'm sure all of you who have
followed T's journey and follow him on
YouTube and seen some of his videos or
in his his mentorship you hear him say
all the time that price cannot reverse
without creating a swing
point and also those who know the
unicorn model know that I C claims that
the unicorn model is the most powerful
algorithmic reversal pattern so then I
started to think to myself well is there
a way to join a
unicorn and a swing point so I jumped on
the charts and that's what I started
doing I simply started from the hourly
time frame and would identify all hourly
swing points and once I identified
hourly swing points I looked where those
hourly swing points would reach into a
point of Interest whether it was another
swing High a swing low opposing range
candles fair value gaps previous day
higher low previous session higher low
or previous week higher low I then
started to observe what the hourly
swingp Point candle would do once it
reached one of those points of interests
especially hourly swingo candles that
had larger Wicks when I dropped down to
a five-minute chart I started to notice
that inside of those wicks
there would be 5 minute unicorns that
would form so using this knowledge of
watching hourly swing points form at one
of those points of interest and then
dropping down to the F minute and seeing
unicorns inside of those swing points I
started to back test that model and then
I started to see how the unicorns that
would form in 10 to 12 candles or less
seemed to be better unicorns that would
form when there was more candles
involved and the reason behind this is
because when it forms in 8 to 10 to
maybe 12 candles that's happening pretty
fast so it's showing clear and decisive
movement I don't like the unicorns that
are either further down the candle body
or created over a few hour period even
though some of those do wind up being
winners um to me in my eyes it looks
like they're just it's consolidation and
if you have a breaker and then a bunch
of consolidation in between the breaker
and the the actual close through the
breaker forming the unicorn in my mind
that's just happened to be a swing high
and swing low mixed with consolidation I
want to see a unicorn form quickly and
concisely within that 10 to 12 candle
range or even less than that so let's
get into some examples of how I trade my
model okay let's start off with my A+
setup so we're on the 7-hour chart and
as you can see the these are 7-hour
candles and you can learn how this works
in am's expansion model course he uses
the 7h hour candle as the daily profile
it's a much simpler version of viewing
the daily profiles this candle here is
the 1:00 candle so it's 1:00 a.m. to
8:00 a.m. that is the London candle and
as you can see this is a London C2
candle which to me is a London reversal
all while being inside of a 7h hour
bearish fair value Gap and also sweeping
a few other highs this is the previous
day high here that had swept which that
previous day high swept this high as
well so the other thing I look at is
that we are also where we are on the
average daily range so at the close of
London the current average daily range
for the last 6 months on inq has been
335 points we have gone
214 points for the day at that point in
time so if my profit Target is the
London low down here I would like to
measure from where price currently is
down to that London low and that gives
us about 90 points so that would put us
right around uh just under the average
daily range so it makes sense to me that
price can easily reach down there
without having to go past the average
daily range so dropping down to the f-
minute chart which is my preferred time
frame you can see that there is mult
multiple confluences and a stacking of
points of interest so to start off with
since this was a London reversal we want
to see that 50% of the previous candle
which is the 7h hour candle 50% of that
candle is respected in this case because
it was such a large wick on that candle
I would use 50% of the wick and that is
right here you can see how New York open
ran up to that 50% and then started to
reverse off of that 50%
along with that we had hourly opposing
candles and an hourly inverted fair
value Gap so there was multiple points
of interest stacked on top of each other
so here's the C2 candle so it opens up
runs higher and then it forms a unicorn
now this is where my model will differ
from the fractal model I don't wait for
a valid C2 closure and take the trade in
in Candle 3 if the Unicorn forms in C 2
I I use the formation of the Unicorn as
my confirmation that this will be a
valid C2 candle closure based on the
fractal model the other Confluence you
have is you can see earlier in the
London session there was also a hourly
C2 candle granted it wasn't at any type
of point of interest at that point in
time but it also created a unicorn and
you can see price went right up to that
unicorn and respected as well so you can
see we have have four different points
of interest stacked on top of each other
for Confluence for this trade we use the
London low as our takeprofit Target and
you can see how price just ran straight
to that London low pretty much no
retracement at all during this trade so
this is an example of my A+ setup and if
I could just trade London reversals all
the time that's what I would trade this
is a fantastic setup and I wish these
happened all the time but unfortunately
they don't okay here's another example
this is on gold and once again we're
starting from the 7-h hour chart here we
are in London uh you can see that Asia
made the high of the day yet London
didn't continue uh so if Asia makes the
high and London doesn't continue lower
more than likely we're going to have a
New York reversal now granted we are in
this this 7h hour bearish fair value Gap
however where is Price more likely to
reach all the way back down here or to
get this high up here and that's what I
was figuring was that we're going to go
ahead and reach this daily high so what
I was looking for was a New York
reversal which would sweep out the low
of London and Asia and then continue
higher Also let's look at the average
daily range and see if that would make
sense so we got $17 left in the average
daily range and so at the close of
London up to that
high it's about $22 so it's a little
further than 17 but obviously price can
expand a little bit further past the
average daily range but does it make
sense for it to go up and reach that
high in in my opinion yes it does so
let's go down to the f- minute
chart and here we are on the five-minute
chart as you can see our points of
interest are a Asian London hourly swing
low which is also the low for both
sessions so here's your Asia low here is
a London swing low and we also had a
fair value Gap there very small but it
was an hourly fair value Gap and this
pattern right here of a hourly swing
Point sitting resting just above a
hourly fair value Gap is one of my
favorite things to see so if you're
bullish you want to see an hourly swing
Point sitting just above the fair value
Gap and if you're bearish it's opposite
you want to see an hourly swing Point
sitting just below a bearish fair value
Gap that's usually a good sign that
price is going to sweep into them and
react off of that so that's what we had
at the 8:00 open moved up went down we
swept all that out and then we created
the fair value Gap along with the
breaker here forming our unicorn and as
you can see there is actually a t-spot
in here however because the t-pot
doesn't form until the C2 candle has
closed um there was no actually entry
off the t-spot but there was a confirmed
unicorn orn inside of the C2 candle and
once again how many candles did it take
to create the unicorn and we have 1 2 3
4 5 six seven eight candles to create
the unicorn and that's what I like to
see I like to see 10 to 12 or less
candles create a unicorn confirming that
clear and concise movement away from the
points of interest now just for low
hanging fruit we targeted Asia high that
gave us a 2.41 R but my initial Target
of that previous day high did wind up
getting hit and if you were to trim here
and use a trailing method you could have
received more of a of a win there on
this trade but I just try to Target low
hanging fruit which is the Asia high and
there we go okay here's our next example
this is on ES once again we're back at
the 7-h hour chart and unlike the
previous two examples you can see how
this day has already reached past the
average daily range uh the Jay range is
66 points and we have already price has
already run 73.5 points so what do I see
here I see a 7h hour swing low sitting
just above a 7h hour bullish fair value
Gap so I love to see this formation
happen London sweeps that low we have a
little bit of a reaction off of it now
what I want to see is an open low into
this fair value Gap and then a reaction
off of it I don't think we're going to
come all the way back up here for the
day however uh we don't need to do that
we just need to try to grab two R so
let's go down to the F minute chart and
see what we got okay here we are on the
five-minute chart and as you can see
once again we have multiple points of
interest stacked on top of each other we
are at a hourly fair value gap which
happens to also overlay with that 7h
hour fair value Gap we are below an
hourly swing low and we just reached
into hourly opposing candles so putting
that all together from the 7h hour daily
profile we have already expanded pretty
far past the average daily range so we
can be expecting a
reversal and there is a lwh hanging
fruit Target right here which is the
open of the New York session so we
reached into this level created a
unicorn once again how many candles did
it take one two three four five six 7
eight nine candles to form so it's that
clear and concise reaction off of this
level creates the unicorn and off to the
TP Target that we hit now once again we
could have trimmed and received a little
bit more but as a funded Trader all I'm
trying to do is just grab my two to two
and a half R and call it a day whatever
that low hanging fruit Target is that's
all I'm trying to reach so this is a
beautiful example of how using the daily
profile align line with the average
daily range to see okay we've already
expanded past it now we could probably
look for a reversal which also happened
to line up with a 7h hour fair value Gap
and all these other points of interest
as well in the next example on 6C you
can see that looking at the 7-hour daily
profile we' already swept both sides of
the range of Asia with London we did
have a bullish fair value Gap and a
swing low here that was swept but we
also have an opposing range candle that
was closed through so price could go
either direction here today so what did
help on this day was that thanks to the
ttfm fractal indicator I did receive an
alert overnight saying that we did have
a bearish C2 candle closure on 6C which
means that we have a bearish C2 daily
tpot dropping down to the five minute
you can see that right here I love the
daily te- spot because it's an
open-ended point of Interest I don't
need any other points of interest for
the C2 candle to engage in order to form
a trade as you can see there were no
other points of interest at this time
and it was just the daily t-spot earlier
in the London session it created a C2
and looks like a little unicorn there or
here depending on which one you're
looking at and obviously respected that
so until we get an hourly closure past
this daily t-spot this is an open point
of interest for me to take action on on
so as you can see going into 9:00 we
opened up went higher formed a unicorn a
very quick unicorn one two three four
five six seven candles this unicorn
formed in we had a tag in and we ran
straight to profit the lwh hanging fruit
Target was right there that was
2.25 we had another one down here and
another one down here and I think this
one was close to 4 R so this was a very
nice quick trade all simply based on the
fact that we had a daily C2 t-spot and
we respected that created our C2 candle
we had our unicorn and it ran straight
to profit so this is a great example how
you only need one point of interest to
actually execute this trade when it's
the daily t-spot so in this next example
just like the fractal model can be used
across multiple time frames the C2
unicorn can also be used across multiple
time frames so this example on gold from
this month on February and this is going
to show how you can use a 15minute C2
aligned with a 1 minute unicorn inside
that 15minute
C2 now once again we start on the 7-hour
chart as you can see price had reached
into a 7our opposing candle respecting
50% of that body right
there creating a C2 7-hour candle in
London which means we can expect a
continuation into New York up to this
high so here we are on a one minute
chart using 15minute candles so this one
was very simple we're just expecting a
continuation due to the London reversal
up to take this high up here our point
of Interest was one 15minute fair value
Gap you can see this 15minute C2 candle
went into the 15minute fair value Gap
and in the wick of that C2 candle was a
one minute unicorn and there was no real
lwh hang fruit targets there was this
here wasn't quite two R this was close
enough to look at this as a Target and
this trade ran for three R so this is a
great example of how the Unicorn the C2
unicorn can be used fractally just like
the fractor model can so you would pair
a 15minute C2 with a 1 minute unicorn a
1H hour C2 with a 5 minute unicorn a
4our C2 with a 15-minute unicorn and so
on so this is a great example of that so
this is an example for all the London
Traders out there if you do want to
trade this model in London more than
likely you will be trading the reversal
also want to point out this indicator
this is another ADR indicator that I use
this one's actually
free and it's by Jimmy trades it's
called the average daily
range and what's nice about it is it
shows the percentage of the ADR so you
can look at at this point in the day
we've only reached 54% of the ADR and it
sets a condition of medium volatility
once we go further you can see this was
a very large expansion candle in the New
York session and it will show that we
win 158% of the ADR and that we have
higher volatility so this is a great
free tool if you want an ADR indicator
but let's drop down to the five minute
and see what this looks like on the
charts so dropping down to the five-
minute chart our points of interest are
a bunch of hourly relative equal lows
and then a 7h hour and 1 hour fair value
Gap so this is the London low and this
you'd be playing as the
reversal and this is a great example of
not all of the trades are going to go
straight to profit on you some of them
are going to wind up being losses and
some of them are going to wind up being
Marathon trades so this one you were in
this trade from 5:00 a.m. until 9:00
a.m. so that was a 4H hour trade you
were going to have to hold through and
then there was a second entry another
tag in so there was a little bit of draw
down but this is just a great example of
how if you want to play this model in
the London session more than likely you
will be playing the reversal so this is
a great example of that in this example
once again you can see the fractal of
the C2 unicorn along with the fractal
model so this is a little different of a
model this is a 4-Hour candle and
specifically what I look for with this
is I want the C2 candle to be the 6 a.m.
candle what I'm trying to take advantage
of is that 10:00 open so we want to see
a 600 a.m. 4H hour C2 candle at a point
of Interest so you have a swing High
here swept the swing high and then going
down to a 15minute we want to see a
15minute unicorn form inside of this 6
a.m. candle and then we want to see a
10:00 open high and then go lower so
taking advantage of the Open high part
of it or open low depending on if it's a
long at the 10 o'clock open so let's
drop down to the 15 minute and see what
we get so here we are on the 15 minute
and as you can see this is the 6 a.m.
candle here which created the C2 we have
a point of interest of a 4-Hour swing
high and you can see that there is a
15minute unicorn now this one's not
perfect since it was confirmed earlier
in the the 6 a.m. candle it did have a
few tagins but this is what I'm looking
for is I want to see the 10 o'cl open
higher which it did and it respected
that unicorn tagged in and then ran
straight to profit which was the lwh
hanging fruit of the London low so hope
everyone's enjoyed learning about my C2
unicorn today uh these are just some of
the examples and as with any model
nothing is 100% you're going to take
wins you're going to take losses but I
challenge everyone to get on the charts
back test and figure out a model for
yourself whether it's the C2 unicorn
whether it's the TR trades fractal model
model whether it's the am expansion
model whether it's the unicorn model
whatever it is build the model that
works best for you not every model is
going to work for everybody make it your
own once you make it your own and you
know why you're entering the market not
because somebody else says to Market at
this point in time but because you know
why you're entering the market that's
when you'll become a successful Trader I
also have another method that I use uh
called osok and we use that method just
for p passing evals in one shot we take
advantage of high volatile news events
like NFP CPI and fomc you can learn more
about that on my YouTube channel I
actually stream live on those specific
news events every month uh so that way
we can all try to pass as many evals
together as possible so once again thank
you T for having me this has been a
great honor and I hope you all enjoyed
have a wonderful day and stay safe risk
properly and happy Trading